readme.md, before:

# _Project Title_

#### _Description, Date_

#### By _**Taylor Phillips**_

## Description

_Detailed description of the application_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browserThis is a great place_

## Behavior Specifications

| Behavior  | Input | Output  |
| :-------: | :---: | :-----: |
| 1.        |       |         |
| 2.        |       |         |
| 3.        |       |         |
| 4.        |       |         |

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_You can contact me through my github page_

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Taylor Phillips_**

Commit message:

add our specs to begin with and completes more of the readme
Co-Authored-By: Spencer Moody <spencer.moody@outlook.com>

readme.md, after:

# _Simon_

#### _A recreation of the original game Simon, to practice Webpack, 6.22.20_

#### By _**Taylor Phillips and Spencer Moody**_

## Description

_This was a recreation of the game Simon to practice using webpacks and dependencies.  We are also practicing importing and exporting functions._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browserThis is a great place_

## Behavior Specifications

| Behavior  | Input | Output  |
| :-------: | :---: | :-----: |
| 1. User should press a button to initiate the game       | Button (press)      |  'RED'       |
| 2. User pushes matching color buttton       |  'RED'     |  "RED'       |
| 3. Next color in sequence is shown for the user to follow and User must reproduce that order      |   "RED, BLUE"    |  "RED, BLUE"       |
| 4. If user presses wrong color in sequence then the game ends.       | "RED, BLUE, GREEN"      |  "RED, BLUE, YELLOW"  *game over.       |

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_You can contact me through my github page_

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Taylor Phillips and Spencery Moody_**
